docs/operations/syncBigQueryData.md, before:

# Sync data from BigQuery and upsert it into the Shepherd DB

Currently this is a Django admin command that can be manually run by `docker exec`-ing into a shepherd app container. This job is ran regularly by the Kubernetes cron schedule documented in [SyncBigQueryDataCron.md](./syncBigQueryDataCron.md)

### Instructions to run

1. Login to gcloud locally with `gcloud auth application-default login`.
1. Copy your gcloud creds into the shepherd container:
    ```
    docker cp ~/.config/gcloud/application_default_credentials.json consvc-shepherd-app-1:/app/application_default_credentials.json
    ```
1. Exec into the `consvc-shepherd-app-1` container:
    ```sh
    make debug
    ```
1. Export the gcloud credentials as an env variable:
    ```sh
    export GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS="/app/application_default_credentials.json"
    ```
1. Run the script for today's date:
    ```sh
    python manage.py sync_bq_data --project_id "moz-fx-ads-nonprod" --date $(date +%F)
    ```

### Optional arguments

#### --date

The script accepts an optional named argument, --date, which can be used to
fetch queries for any day. Ensure that the date is in the format YYYY-MM-DD.

By default, the script will use today's date.

Commit message:

[SHEP-34] - Document required ads data access needed to run queries on BigQuery (BQ) (#278)
## References

[SHEP-34](https://mozilla-hub.atlassian.net/browse/SHEP-34)

## Problem Statement

We should explain that querying BigQuery (BQ) involves accessing
sensitive ads data, which requires specific privileges to ensure proper
access.

## Proposed Changes

- Explain that folks need to be granted [Cat 2 Ads access
level](https://mozilla-hub.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/MA1/pages/575897693/Ads+Sensitive+Data+Policy)
in order to run the BQ script locally.

## Verification Steps

A step by step guide of how the PR reviewer can verify that changes are
working correctly.

1. Read the docs

[SHEP-34]:
https://mozilla-hub.atlassian.net/browse/SHEP-34?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiNWRkNTljNzYxNjVmNDY3MDlhMDU5Y2ZhYzA5YTRkZjUiLCJwIjoiZ2l0aHViLWNvbS1KU1cifQ

docs/operations/syncBigQueryData.md, after:

# Sync data from BigQuery and upsert it into the Shepherd DB

Currently this is a Django admin command that can be manually run by `docker exec`-ing into a shepherd app container. This job is ran regularly by the Kubernetes cron schedule documented in [SyncBigQueryDataCron.md](./syncBigQueryDataCron.md)

### Instructions to run

1. Ensure that your LDAP email has [Cat Ads 2](https://mozilla-hub.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/MA1/pages/575897693/Ads+Sensitive+Data+Policy) level access. This is necessary because BigQuery queries grant us access to sensitive data (e.g., ad partner information, revenue data, etc.). Without the proper permissions, querying the database view below will not work.
    1. If you do not have permission, request it by filling out the [Ads Data Access Request](https://mozilla-hub.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/14/create/1315) form.
1. Login to gcloud locally with `gcloud auth application-default login`.
1. Copy your gcloud creds into the shepherd container:
    ```
    docker cp ~/.config/gcloud/application_default_credentials.json consvc-shepherd-app-1:/app/application_default_credentials.json
    ```
1. Exec into the `consvc-shepherd-app-1` container:
    ```sh
    make debug
    ```
1. Export the gcloud credentials as an env variable:
    ```sh
    export GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS="/app/application_default_credentials.json"
    ```
1. Run the script for today's date:
    ```sh
    python manage.py sync_bq_data --project_id "moz-fx-ads-nonprod" --date $(date +%F)
    ```

### Optional arguments

#### --date

The script accepts an optional named argument, --date, which can be used to
fetch queries for any day. Ensure that the date is in the format YYYY-MM-DD.

By default, the script will use today's date.
