docs/quickStart.md, before:

# Quick Start Development Guide

To use consvc-shepherd, you'll need a Python 3.11 development environment with Poetry installed and Docker.

It is recommended to use `pyenv` and the `pyenv-virtualenv` plugin your virtual environments.
1. Install `pyenv` using the [latest documentation](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv#installation) for your platform.
2. Follow the instructions to install the `pyenv-virtualenv` plugin.
See the [pyenv-virtualenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv-virtualenv) documentation.
3. Ensure you've added `pyenv` and `pyenv-virtualenv` to your PATH.

Ex:
```shell
export PATH="$HOME/.pyenv/bin:$PATH"
eval "$(pyenv init -)"
eval "$(pyenv virtualenv-init -)"
```

4. To run consvc-shepherd, you'll need to specify some minimal configurations.
Use the existing `.env.example` and copy it to `.env`.
You'll want to make sure configuration files in the `.env` file match your database setup, configuring the database name, user, host and password variables.
It should appear as follows:

```shell
$ cp .env.example .env

# Variables to set in file
DEBUG=true
SECRET_KEY=keyboard-mash
DB_NAME=postgres
DB_USER=postgres
DB_HOST=db
DB_PASS=postgres
```

5. Set up and enable your virtual environment:

```shell
# pyenv version install
$ pyenv install 3.11

# pyenv virtualenv
$ pyenv virtualenv 3.11 shepherd # or whatever project name you like.
$ pyenv local shepherd # enables virtual env when you enter directory.
```

6. Install your dependencies:

```shell
$ pip install poetry
$ poetry install
```

7. [Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) if not already installed.

8. Build the Docker image and start the container:
```shell
docker-compose up --build
```

The application will then be accessible at the following url: [http://0.0.0.0:7001/](http://0.0.0.0:7001/). The admin panel is available at [http://0.0.0.0:7001/admin](http://0.0.0.0:7001/admin)

9. Create database migrations and run migrations.
You may have to do this periodically as you modify or create models. Shell in as above and run the following commands:
``` shell
docker exec -it consvc-shepherd-app sh # interactive mode
python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py migrate
```

Commit message:

[AE-458] Import Boostr Deals and Products into Shepherd (#215)
* Add rough local script to fetch deals from boostr and save to Shepherd DB

* Add products fetching and start organizing code a bit more

* Associate Products with Deals

* Update example with BOOSTR_JWT

* Update instructions for Boostr sync

* Refactor many-to-many between Deals and Products to include month and budget

* Clean up models and schema

* Add search and filtering for deals

* Clean up sync script functions, logging, error handling

* Lint

* Update docs

* Update sync_boostr_data.py

Co-authored-by: Can Berk Güder <cbguder@mozilla.com>

* Update sync_boostr_data.py

Co-authored-by: Can Berk Güder <cbguder@mozilla.com>

* Update sync_boostr_data.py

Co-authored-by: Can Berk Güder <cbguder@mozilla.com>

* Update sync_boostr_data.py

Co-authored-by: Can Berk Güder <cbguder@mozilla.com>

* Change standalone sync script into a Django custom management command

* Use session for auth headers, fix bugs and clean up

* Add enum for campaign type, unit tests, and various bugfixes

* Lint

* Lint more

* Including missing migration

* Lint more

---------

Co-authored-by: Nana Gilbert-Baffoe <ngilbertbaffoe@mozilla.com>
Co-authored-by: Can Berk Güder <cbguder@mozilla.com>

docs/quickStart.md, after:

# Quick Start Development Guide

To use consvc-shepherd, you'll need a Python 3.11 development environment with Poetry installed and Docker.

It is recommended to use `pyenv` and the `pyenv-virtualenv` plugin your virtual environments.
1. Install `pyenv` using the [latest documentation](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv#installation) for your platform.
2. Follow the instructions to install the `pyenv-virtualenv` plugin.
See the [pyenv-virtualenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv-virtualenv) documentation.
3. Ensure you've added `pyenv` and `pyenv-virtualenv` to your PATH.

Ex:
```shell
export PATH="$HOME/.pyenv/bin:$PATH"
eval "$(pyenv init -)"
eval "$(pyenv virtualenv-init -)"
```

4. To run consvc-shepherd, you'll need to specify some minimal configurations.
Use the existing `.env.example` and copy it to `.env`.
You'll want to make sure the environment variables in the `.env` file match your database setup, configuring the database name, user, host, and password.

It should appear as follows:

```shell
$ cp .env.example .env

# Variables to set in file
DEBUG=true
SECRET_KEY=keyboard-mash
DB_NAME=postgres
DB_USER=postgres
DB_HOST=db
DB_PASS=postgres
```

5. Set up and enable your virtual environment:

```shell
# pyenv version install
$ pyenv install 3.11

# pyenv virtualenv
$ pyenv virtualenv 3.11 shepherd # or whatever project name you like.
$ pyenv local shepherd # enables virtual env when you enter directory.
```

6. Install your dependencies:

```shell
$ pip install poetry
$ poetry install
```

7. [Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) if not already installed.

8. Build the Docker image and start the container:
```shell
docker compose up --build
```

The application will then be accessible at the following url: [http://0.0.0.0:7001/](http://0.0.0.0:7001/). The admin panel is available at [http://0.0.0.0:7001/admin](http://0.0.0.0:7001/admin)

9. Create database migrations and run migrations.
You may have to do this periodically as you modify or create models. Shell in as above and run the following commands:
``` shell
docker exec -it consvc-shepherd-app-1 sh # interactive mode
python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py migrate
```

10. Import Boostr Deals and Products
If you're working with the AdOps dashboard, you may want to pull in Boostr Deals and Products.

``` shell
docker exec -it consvc-shepherd-app-1 sh # interactive mode
python manage.py sync_boostr_data https://app.boostr.com/api/ find-me-in-1pass-ads-eng-vault@mozilla.com secret-from-1pass
```
